README.md, before:

# Top Score Game

Basic Java Spring Test Application: Top Score Ranking Game System
Build Restful API for a simple Note-Taking application using Spring Boot, H2 DB, JPA and Gradle.

## Requirements

1. Java - 1.11.x

2. gradle - 6.x.x

3. H2 - H2

## Steps to Setup

**1. Clone the application from the master branch using below url**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/cmanix07/top-score-ranking.git
```

**2. Create mysql database**
```bash
create database PLAYER
Script has been added and it create on startup
```


**3. Credentials are added into properties file**

+ open `src/main/resources/application.properties`


**4. Build and run the app using gradle**

```bash
./gradlew -Pprod clean bootJar
java -jar build/libs/*.jar
```

Alternatively, you can run the app without packaging it using -

```bash
./gradlew
```

The app will start running at <http://localhost:9191>.

## Explore Rest APIs

The app defines following APIs.

Get score

    GET /score-ranking/api/v1/player/{id}
    
Delete score

    DELETE /score-ranking/api/v1/player/{id}
    
Get list of score

    GET /score-ranking/api/v1/player-history/?name=chinta&before=2021-02-11&after=2021-02-02
    
Player's history
    
    GET /score-ranking/api/v1/player-history
    
Add player score

    POST /score-ranking/api/v1/score
    
    {
    "player":"chinta",
    "score": 100,
    "time":"2021-02-10 10:10:00"
    }
    

You can test them using postman or any other rest client.


## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./gradlew test integrationTest

Commit message:

OYO-TASK-1: ReadME file update limitation

README.md, after:

# Top Score Game

Basic Java Spring Test Application: Top Score Ranking Game System
Build Restful API for a simple Note-Taking application using Spring Boot, H2 DB, JPA and Gradle.

Note: This application has limitation such as 
1. Proper validation mapping and reponse messages in case of exception or error
2. Proper pagination enhancements
3. Junit tested for service class
4. Integration testing for negative scenarios



## Requirements

1. Java - 1.11.x

2. gradle - 6.x.x

3. H2 - H2

## Steps to Setup

**1. Clone the application from the master branch using below url**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/cmanix07/top-score-ranking.git
```

**2. Create mysql database**
```bash
create database PLAYER
Script has been added and it create on startup
```


**3. Credentials are added into properties file**

+ open `src/main/resources/application.properties`


**4. Build and run the app using gradle**

```bash
./gradlew -Pprod clean bootJar
java -jar build/libs/*.jar
```

Alternatively, you can run the app without packaging it using -

```bash
./gradlew
```

The app will start running at <http://localhost:9191>.

## Explore Rest APIs

The app defines following APIs.

Get score

    GET /score-ranking/api/v1/player/{id}
    
Delete score

    DELETE /score-ranking/api/v1/player/{id}
    
Get list of score

    GET /score-ranking/api/v1/player-history/?name=chinta&before=2021-02-11&after=2021-02-02
    
Player's history
    
    GET /score-ranking/api/v1/player-history
    
Add player score

    POST /score-ranking/api/v1/score
    
    {
    "player":"chinta",
    "score": 100,
    "time":"2021-02-10 10:10:00"
    }
    

You can test them using postman or any other rest client.


## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./gradlew test integrationTest
